hi y'all chef eirick sky here now today
I'm going to do a another Brinkmann
electric smoker video and now if you
don't have a Brinkman electric smoker
you can check this video's description
it's a really cool way to cook some
really tasty stuff so you may have
watched my other video where I did
kebabs this is a similar type recipe
what I'm doing first you're just getting
some butter you could also use margarine
or whatever you wanted to use or you
could just put some cooking spray on
there but just really coat this this
aluminum pan so that stuff doesn't stick
and then also that butter will just add
to the flavor I've got some I've got
some mushrooms I'm going to put in here
obviously all of these vegetables have
been washed already so just put in a lot
of mushrooms and then I've got an
assortment of stuff I've got some
kielbasa that I sliced into about that
size right there I've got some bell
peppers and I got some onions that I
diced so I'm going to put all this
throughout
they're just gonna kind of mix this up a
little bit put it all around here get
those onions all distributed you know
and the meat too because as it smokes
the flavors from these from this medley
of meat and vegetables will help to
complement one another and then
obviously when you're when you're a
southern cook you like to have butter so
just eat you some butter just kind of
put it through out so it'll melt and
it'll penetrate and go down in there now
we're going to the to the finishing
steps so let me get the marinade and
I'll explain how this is going to work
okay so this is the commercial size
container of Dale steak sauce and you
can if you don't have it in your local
grocery store you can check the video's
description up I've added a link to
where you can find this now this is very
salty so depending upon how much salt
you want you may not want to go that
heavy with it so basically what I'll do
is I'll put a little bit throughout
and like I said this stuff's really
salty so you don't need a lot and then
I'll get I'll put some water in there
with it so put some water in with it to
help distribute and dilute the the
saltiness of the Dales there's also a
water pin in the Brigman electric smoker
but I like a good base of water on the
bottom because it kind of steams and
helps to further enhance the tenderness
and flavor profile of the vegetables in
the meat so that's how you do it right
there that's my that's my preparation
without kebabs for kielbasa bell peppers
onions and mushrooms so check out all
Chef Irish guides videos it's
youtube.com forward slash Irish guy and
like I said check this video's
description and you can find a link to
to where you can order the bereavement
electric smoker as well as the dells
marinade and a lot of other good
information on that link y'all have a
good day